docs: add Kafka configuration parameter descriptions for Global Hub (#8218)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: global_hub/global_hub_install_acm.adoc

  namespace: multicluster-global-hub
spec:
  enableMetrics: true

>   installAgentOnLocal: true  # Deploy Global Hub Agent on local hub cluster (default: true)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  installAgentOnLocal: true  <1> 
```

Reviewer: I think it'd be best if we make callouts in the yaml, then explain what each number means.

  dataLayer:
    kafka:
      topics:

>         specTopic: gh-spec        # Topic for distributing workloads from global hub to managed hubs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        specTopic: gh-spec <2> 
```

>         statusTopic: gh-status.*  # Topic for agents to report events and status updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        statusTopic: gh-status <3> 
```

>       consumerGroupPrefix: org1_  # Prefix for Kafka consumer groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      consumerGroupPrefix: org1_  <4> 
```

    postgres:
      retention: 18m

>   availabilityConfig: High  # Deployment replication for availability: Basic or High (default: High)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  availabilityConfig: High <5> 
```

----

> *Configuration parameters:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Instead of a bullet list, we can simply have the callouts, 1-5, listed right after the yaml, so users know what each of these callouts mean.

> * `availabilityConfig`: Specifies deployment replication for improved availability. Options are `Basic` (single replica deployment) and `High` (creates replicas for manager, built-in Kafka, and Grafana components for high availability). The default value is `High`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`availabilityConfig`: Specifies the replication of deployments to improve their availability. For the values of the replications, you have the options of `Basic` and `High`, and the default value is `High`. 
```

Reviewer: Instead of a bullet list, we'll have the callouts. so it would look like: 

<1> Specifies the replication of deployments...

Note, for the callouts, we'll have to make sure the order matches. For example, <1> has to be `installagentonlocal` since that was the first callout in the yaml. 

Since they're currently not in order, that's why I didn't make the change yet.

> * `installAgentOnLocal`: Determines whether to deploy the Global Hub Agent on the local hub cluster. If set to `true`, the Global Hub Agent will be installed on the local hub cluster only. If set to `false`, the Global Hub Agent will not be installed on the local hub cluster. The default value is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `installAgentOnLocal`: Chooses to deploy the {global-hub} on the local hub cluster. If you set the value to `true`, it only installs the {global-hub} agent Global Hub on the local hub cluster. If you set the value to `false`, it does not install the {global-hub} agent on the local hub cluster. The default value is `true`.
```

> * `specTopic`: The topic to distribute workloads from global hub to managed hubs. The default value is `gh-spec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `specTopic`: Distributes workloads from {global-hub} to managed hubs. The default value is `gh-spec`.
```

> * `statusTopic`: The topic where agents report events and status updates to the manager. The topic can end with an asterisk (\*), indicating topics for individual managed hubs. For example, `gh-status.*` creates topics like `gh-status.hub1` for a hub cluster named `hub1`. In BYO (Bring Your Own) Kafka scenarios, the default value for all managed hubs is `gh-status`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `statusTopic`: Reports events and status updates to the {global-hub} manager. When a topic ends with an asterisk, it is intended for the individual managed hubs. The default value for all managed hubs is `gh-status`.
```

> * `consumerGroupPrefix`: Specifies the prefix for Kafka consumer groups. The final consumer group ID is constructed as `<prefix> + "global_hub"` for Global Hub, and `<prefix> + <managed-hub-name>` for Managed Hubs (hyphens replaced with underscores). If not specified, defaults to hub name only (hyphens replaced with underscores). In the example above, `org1_` is used as the prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `consumerGroupPrefix`: Specifies the prefix for Kafka consumer groups. The final consumer group identification for {global-hub} is `<prefix> + "global_hub"`, and for managed hubs, it is`<prefix> + <managed-hub-name>`. If you do not specify a value, the default is to specify a prefix for the managed hubs.
```
